what kind of show you could imagine that
you're in the kitchen making a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich and just did
you go to spread the peanut butter a
bird grabs your knife and takes off
right off the edge of the star and
you're in charge of absolutely
everything sorry got kind of carried
away you're in PTV Park on member
supported GP TV
GP TV thanks the following for their
support of the educational informative
and oh yeah fun program in CTV part
Publix supermarkets Publix is proud to
support quality children's programs and
to help our children become ready to
learn we're getting it all together at
Publix
it's here that may soon - tomorrow
that makes three
so yeah presenting Paula peepal and
Paula Poundstone okay I can do that you
do it different than I do it sorry sorry
sorry
oh I think I got it I got it you thank
you kiddies Thank You Donna and thank
you that was fun dancing with you Paula
it was fun dancing with you follow thank
you what would I do if I were the
president well I would try to stop all
the climates and stuff that are going to
be bad I would help the good guys and
bikes and um call the police where the
bad guys help stop the violence
I would want to make it to their word
and homeless people so that they didn't
have to beg for money on the street PTV
is he an you're watching KJV are member
supported GP TV a nine station network
serving all of Georgia don't do that to
play you can put some fire to wear and
make stop the boat how I wish that I
could fly just like my sister in the sky
she loop the loops and spins and times
I'm going to try it
so here goes I bring my knee up past my
nose and Bend into and touch my shoe if
only there was some way to hey could you
teach me to fly like you sure it's easy
just watch me fold up like this then one
two three
Wow I've got wing I'm in the air you can
learn I'll see you back GP TV thanks the
following for their support of the
educational informative and oh yeah fun
program in CTV part
Publix supermarkets Publix is proud to
support quality children's programming
and to help our children become ready to
learn we're getting it all together at
Publix
you're watching member supported Georgia
Public Television GP TV
coming up next join Robin and Jim for a
recap of the day's top stories on the
macneil/lehrer Newshour next on GPB he's
made you laugh how would I lie to you
his music has entertained and lifted the
hearts of millions he's America's
ambassador of comedy and music from the
young to the old alike everyone loves
Victor Borga so buckle up and get ready
to celebrate 50 years of merriment with
Victor borghi then and now this is
member supported Georgia Public
Television a nine station network
serving all of Georgia GP TV bringing
you the best
broadcast of the savings program made
possible by Trust Company a bank that
could be precisely what you're searching
for trust company does your bank suit
into a team
the following program is brought to you
in part by Siemens
we bring a whole new world of ideas in
electronics and electrical engineering
Siemens precision thinking